applications: Added BT security support for the Matter bridge (#13528)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/matter_bridge/doc/matter_bridge_description.rst

Replace *absolute_path* with the absolute path to the Matter bridge application on your local disk.

Configuring the Bluetooth LE security
-------------------------------------

The application uses Bluetooth LE Security Manager Protocol (SMP) to provide secure connection between the Matter bridge and Bluetooth LE bridged devices.

.. note::
   Do not confuse the Bluetooth LE Security Manager Protocol (SMP) abbreviation with the Bluetooth LE Simple Management Protocol (SMP) used for the Device Firmware Upgrade purposes.

There are following security levels defined by the Bluetooth LE specification:

* Security Level 1 - supports communication without security.
* Security Level 2 - supports AES-CMAC communication encryption, but does not require device authentication.
* Security Level 3 - supports AES-CMAC communication encryption, requires device authentication and pairing.
* Security Level 4 - supports ECDHE communication encryption, requires authentication and pairing.

> By default, the Matter bridge device has SMP enabled and supports security levels 2, 3 and 4.

Author: Yes, it should. Applied.

> By default, the Matter bridge application has SMP enabled and supports security levels 2, 3 and 4.

Author: Sure, I was not aware that it exists. All in all I have impression that our documentation is less technical and easier to understand, that the one from Zephyr, but I can also add a link as a way to read more about this topic.

You can disable the Bluetooth LE security mechanisms by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` to ``n``.
However it is strongly not recommended configuration, as it leads to unencrypted communication with bridged devices, which makes them vulnerable for the security attacks.

You can select the minimum security level required by you application.
It means the Matter bridge will require setting the selected minimum level from the connected Bluetooth LE bridged device.

> If the bridged device supports minimum criteria and also one of the higher levels, the devices may negotiate using the highest security level possible to achieve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bridged device supports also levels higher than the selected minimum, the devices may negotiate using the highest shared security level.
```

> In case the bridged device does not support minimum required level, the connection will be terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the bridged device does not support the minimum required level, the connection will be terminated.
```

> To select the minimum security level, set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_MINIMUM_SECURITY_LEVEL` to ``2``, ``3`` or ``4``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select the minimum security level, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BRIDGE_BT_MINIMUM_SECURITY_LEVEL` Kconfig option to ``2``, ``3`` or ``4``.
```

Replace *absolute_path* with the absolute path to the Matter bridge application on your local disk.

Configuring the Bluetooth LE security
-------------------------------------

The application uses Bluetooth LE Security Manager Protocol (SMP) to provide secure connection between the Matter bridge and Bluetooth LE bridged devices.

.. note::
   Do not confuse the Bluetooth LE Security Manager Protocol (SMP) abbreviation with the Bluetooth LE Simple Management Protocol that has the same abbreviation and is used for the Device Firmware Upgrade process.

The following security levels are defined by the Bluetooth LE specification:

* Security Level 1 - supports communication without security.
* Security Level 2 - supports AES-CMAC communication encryption, but does not require device authentication.
* Security Level 3 - supports AES-CMAC communication encryption, requires device authentication and pairing.
* Security Level 4 - supports ECDHE communication encryption, requires authentication and pairing.

> To read more about the Bluetooth LE security implementation in Zephyr, see ``Security`` subsection of the :ref:`bluetooth-arch` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read more about the Bluetooth LE security implementation in Zephyr, see the Security section of the :ref:`bluetooth-arch` page.
```

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               I: Connected: C7:44:0F:3E:BB:F0 (random)
               ---------------------------------------------------------------------
               | Bridged Bluetooth LE device authentication                        |
               |                                                                   |
               | Insert pin code displayed by the Bluetooth LE peripheral device   |
               | to authenticate the pairing operation.                            |
               |                                                                   |
               | To do that, use matter_bridge pincode <pincode> shell command.    |
               ---------------------------------------------------------------------

         #. Write down the authentication pincode value from the Bluetooth LE bridged device terminal.
            The terminal output is similar to the following one:

            .. parsed-literal::
               :class: highlight

               Passkey for FD:D6:53:EB:92:3A (random): 350501

>             The displayed pincode value is equal to ``350501`` in the presented example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            In the above example output, the displayed pincode value is  ``350501``.
```

            It will be used in the next steps as *<bluetooth_authentication_pincode>*.

>          #. Insert the authentication pincode of a bridged device in the Matter bridge terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         #. Insert the authentication pincode of the bridged device in the Matter bridge terminal.
```

>             To do that, run the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>` with *<bluetooth_authentication_pincode>* replaced by the value read in the previous step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To insert the pincode, run the following :ref:`Matter CLI command <matter_bridge_cli>` with *<bluetooth_authentication_pincode>* replaced by the value read in the previous step:
```
